On the days I was 12, I went underground.
But a period before that, they were going under much younger.
And an old woman told me she used to live here.
Her father used to carry her into the work. It was a level, you see.
She used to carry her into clean motorhams.
You see, the motorhams they could have if they could fill the coal.
And she worked underground. Oh yes.
At a place called Beaufort.
Were there any girls working underground when you started?
Oh no. Oh no. The Lord prohibited that. Yes. Oh yes.
They were working on the surface though, were they?
Oh yes. Working on the screens, clipping the coal, pushing the drums,
greasing the axles of the drums and all sorts of things like that, you see.
Oh yes, there was a batch up there working.